版本号	 |	预发布开始时间	|正式发布时间     	|版本变化
----- 	 |-----   		|------			|------
v1.0	 |无				|2015-07-11		|启动于2014年年中，之前版本为0开头，未正式发布。
v1.1	 |2015-08-29	|2015-09-26		|1. Horizontal Pod Autoscaling<br>2. Job objects for batch and other run-once workloads<br>3. HTTP Loadbalancing support<br>4. Improvements to the kubectl tool including interactive containers and improvements to kubectl rolling-update<br>5. Many other bug fixes and performance improvements
v1.2	 |2015-09-26	|2016-03-17		|1. Significant scale improvements<br>2. Simplified application deployment and management<br>3. Automated cluster management<br>4. New GUI (dashboard)
v1.3	 |2016-03-30	|2016-07-02		|1. Alpha RBAC authorization API group<br>2. Federation api group is now beta<br>3. Services from all federated clusters are now registered in Cloud DNS (AWS and GCP)<br> 4. Alpha PetSets manage stateful apps<br>5. Alpha Init containers provide one-time setup for stateful containers<br>6. Retry Pod/RC updates in kubectl rolling-update<br>7. Stop 'kubectl drain' deleting pods with local storage<br> 8. Add kubectl rollout status<br> 9. L7 LB controller and disk attach controllers run on master, so nodes do not need those privileges<br>10. Setting TLS1.2 minimum<br> 11. kubectl create secret tls command<br> 12. Webhook Token Authenticator<br> 13. beta PodSecurityPolicy objects limits use of security-sensitive features by pods<br> 14. Display line number on JSON errors<br> 15. Add flag -t as shorthand for --tty<br> 16. Improved node stability by optionally evicting pods upon memory pressure<br> 17. alpha: NVIDIA GPU support<br> 19. Adding loadBalancer services and nodeports services to quota system 
v1.4	 |2016-07-12	|2016-09-27		|1. Generate audit logs for every request user performs against secured API server endpoint <br>2. kubeWapiserver now publishes a swagger 2.0 spec in addition to a swagger 1.2 spec<br>3. Server-side garbage collection is enabled by default<br>4. Introducing 'ScheduledJobs', which allow running time based Jobs, namely once at a specified time or repeatedly at specified point in time<br>5. Container Image Policy allows an access controller to determine whether a pod may be scheduled based on a policy<br>6. Access Review APIs expose authorization engine to external inquiries for delegation, inspection, and debugging<br>7. Ensure critical cluster infrastructure pods (Heapster, DNS, etc.) can schedule by evicting regular pods when necessary to make the critical pods schedule<br>8. Simplifies bootstrapping of TLS secured communication between the API server and kubelet<br>9. The kubeadm tool makes it much easier to bootstrap Kubernetes<br>10. Creating a Federated Ingress is as simple as submitting an Ingress creation request to the Federation API Server. The Federation control system then creates and maintains a single global virtual IP to load balance incoming HTTP(S) traffic across some or all the registered clusters, across all regions. Google's GCE L7 LoadBalancer is the first supported implementation, and is available in this release<br>11. Federated Replica Sets create and maintain matching Replica Sets in some or all clusters in a federation, with the desired replica count distributed equally or according to specified per-cluster weights<br>12. Federated Secrets are created and kept consistent across all clusters in a federation<br>13. Federation API server gained support for events and many federation controllers now report important events<br>14. Creating a Federated Namespace causes matching Namespaces to be created and maintained in all the clusters registered with that federation<br>15. ingress has alpha support for a single master multi zone cluster<br>16. Service LB now has alpha support for preserving client source IP <br>17. Publish node performance dashboard <br>18. Pods now have alpha support for setting whitelisted, safe sysctls. Unsafe sysctls can be whitelisted on the kubelet<br>19. AppArmor profiles can be specified & applied to pod containers<br>20. Cluster policy to control access and defaults of security related features<br>21. kubelet is able to evict pods when it observes disk pressure<br>22. Automated docker validation results <br>23. Allows pods to require or prohibit (or prefer or prefer not) co-scheduling on the same node (or zone or other topology domain) as another set of pods<br>24. Persistent Volume provisioning now supports multiple provisioners using StorageClass configuration<br>25. New volume plugin for the Quobyte Distributed File System <br>26. New volume plugin for Azure Data Disk<br>27. Kubernetes Dashboard UI - a great looking Kubernetes Dashboard UI with 90% CLI parity for at-a-glance management<br>28. kubectl no longer applies defaults before sending objects to the server in create and update requests, allowing the server to apply the defaults<br>
v1.5	 |2016-10-15	|2016-12-13		|1. kube-apiserver support for the OpenAPI spec is moving from alpha to beta. The first non-go client is based on it<br>2. When replica sets cannot create pods, they will now report detail via the API about the underlying reason<br>3. kubectl apply is now able to delete resources you no longer need with --prune<br>4. Deployments that cannot make progress in rolling out the newest version will now indicate via the API they are blocked<br>5. StatefulSets allow workloads that require persistent identity or per-instance storage to be created and managed on Kubernetes<br>6. In order to preserve safety guarantees the cluster no longer force deletes pods on un-responsive nodes and users are now warned if they try to force delete pods via the CLI<br>7. Further polishing of the Role-based access control alpha API including a default set of cluster roles<br>8. Added ability to authenticate/authorize access to the Kubelet API<br>9. Roles should appear in kubectl get nodes<br>10. Improved UX and usability for the kubeadm binary that makes it easy to get a new cluster running<br>11. Added ability to create/remove clusters w/highly available (replicated) masters on GCE using kube-up/kube-down scripts<br>12. Support for ConfigMaps in federation<br>13. Alpha level support for DaemonSets in federation<br>14. Alpha level support for Deployments in federation<br>15. Cluster federation: Added support for DeleteOptions.OrphanDependents for federation resources<br>16. Introducing kubefed, a new command line tool to simplify federation control plane<br>17. Services can reference another service by DNS name, rather than being hosted in pods<br>18. Opt in source ip preservation for Services with Type NodePort or LoadBalancer<br>19. Enable DNS Horizontal Autoscaling with beta ConfigMap parameters support<br>20. Added ability to preserve access to host userns when userns remapping is enabled in container runtime<br>21. Introducing the v1alpha1 CRI API to allow pluggable container runtimes; an experimental docker-CRI integration is ready for testing and feedback<br>22. Kubelet launches container in a per pod cgroup hierarchy based on quality of service tier<br>23. Kubelet integrates with memcg notification API to detect when a hard eviction threshold is crossed<br>24. Introducing the beta version containerized node conformance test gcr.io/google_containers/node-test:0.2 for users to verify node setup<br>25. Added support for accounting opaque integer resources<br>26. PodDisruptionBudget has been promoted to beta, can be used to safely drain nodes while respecting application SLO's<br>27. Dashboard UI now shows all user facing objects and their resource usage<br>28. Added support for Windows Server 2016 nodes and scheduling Windows Server Containers<br>
v1.6	 |2017-01-13	|2017-03-29		|1. Kubernetes now supports up to 5,000 nodes via etcd v3, which is enabled by default.<br>2. Role-based access control (RBAC) has graduated to beta, and defines secure default roles for control plane, node, and controller components.<br>3. The kubeadm cluster bootstrap tool has graduated to beta. Some highlights:<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;1)WARNING: A known issue in v1.6.0 causes kubeadm init to hang. Please use v1.6.1, which fixes the issue<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;2)All communication is now over TLS<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;3)Authorization plugins can be installed by kubeadm, including the new default of RBAC<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;4)The bootstrap token system now allows token management and expiration<br>4. The kubefed federation bootstrap tool has also graduated to beta.<br>5. Interaction with container runtimes is now through the CRI interface, enabling easier integration of runtimes with the kubelet. Docker remains the default runtime via Docker-CRI (which moves to beta).WARNING: A known issue in v1.6.0 causes Pod.Spec.HostPid (using the host PID namespace for the pod) to always be false. Please wait for v1.6.2, which will include a fix for this issue.<br>6. Various scheduling features have graduated to beta:<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;1)You can now use multiple schedulers<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;2)Nodes and pods now support affinity and anti-affinity<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;3)Advanced scheduling can be performed with taints and tolerations<br>7. You can now specify (per pod) how long a pod should stay bound to a node, when there is a node problem.<br>8. Various storage features have graduated to GA:<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;1)StorageClass pre-installed and set as default on Azure, AWS, GCE, OpenStack, and vSphere<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;2)Configurable Dynamic Provisioning and StorageClass<br>9. DaemonSets can now be updated by a rolling update.<br>
v1.7	 |2017-04-07	|2017-06-30		|1. Kubernetes 1.7 is a milestone release that adds security, stateful application, and extensibility features motivated by widespread production use of Kubernetes.<br>2. Security enhancements in this release include encrypted secrets (alpha), network policy for pod-to-pod communication, the node authorizer to limit Kubelet access to API resources, and Kubelet client / server TLS certificate rotation (alpha).<br>3. Major features for stateful applications include automated updates to StatefulSets, enhanced updates for DaemonSets, a burst mode for faster StatefulSets scaling, and (alpha) support for local storage.<br>4. Extensibility features include API aggregation (beta), CustomResourceDefinitions (beta) in favor of ThirdPartyResources, support for extensible admission controllers (alpha), pluggable cloud providers (alpha), and container runtime interface (CRI) enhancements.<br>
v1.8	 |2017-06-20	|2017-09-29		|1. 安全性发面：基于角色的访问控制（RBAC），这是一个在1.6版本中为beta状态现已稳定的特性。它能允许集群的管理者动态地定义角色并通过Kubernetes API来施加访问的策略 <br>2. 稳定性方面：Pod的横向自动伸缩自定义特性处于beta状态<br> 3. 存储方面：现在能对临时存储设置限定条件，可以指定挂载选项，同时也覆盖了更多与存储使用相关的指标。同时引入了flex驱动的部署，该特性现在处于alpha状态，能允许源码树外（out-of-tree）的卷驱动<br> 4. 简洁性方面：团队一年前就通过发布kubeadm致力让安装更加容易。只需两行命令就能架设好一个Kuebernetes集群。现在kubeadm命令加入了集群升级的支持<br> 5. 优先级和抢占：你能指定一个特定的Pod优先级高于其他Pod，这意味着在集群中资源不足时较低优先级的Pod可以被牺牲 <br> 6. 节点的自动污点标记：Taints and tolerations（污点和包容）是1.6引入的特性。它有很多的使用方式。例如你可以将一个节点专门供某一个特定类型的应用使用，然后说这个节点不能用于调度 <br>7.卷快照更新： 在存储端，你已经能指定持久性卷的大小，但是现在新增了调整大小的特性，扩展kubectl、命令行接口的能力，来自定义合集群的交互也是1.8版本中的新功能。
v1.9	 |2017-09-23	|2017-12-16		|1.API Machinery:Extensibility. SIG API Machinery added a new class of admission control webhooks (mutating), and brought the admission control webhooks to beta<br>2. Apps:The core workloads API, which is composed of the DaemonSet, Deployment, ReplicaSet, and StatefulSet kinds, has been promoted to GA stability in the apps/v1 group version. As such, the apps/v1beta2 group version is deprecated, and all new code should use the kinds in the apps/v1 group version<br>3. Auth:SIG Auth focused on extension-related authorization improvements. Permissions can now be added to the built-in RBAC admin/edit/view roles using cluster role aggregation. Webhook authorizers can now deny requests and short-circuit checking subsequent authorizers. Performance and usability of the beta PodSecurityPolicy feature was also improved<br> 4. AWS:In v1.9 SIG AWS has improved stability of EBS support across the board. If a Volume is “stuck” in the attaching state to a node for too long a unschedulable taint will be applied to the node, so a Kubernetes admin can take manual steps to correct the error. Users are encouraged to ensure they are monitoring for the taint, and should consider automatically terminating instances in this state<br>5. Azure:SIG Azure worked on improvements in the cloud provider, including significant work on the Azure Load Balancer implementation<br>6. Cluster Lifecycle:SIG Cluster Lifecycle has been focusing on improving kubeadm in order to bring it to GA in a future release, as well as developing the Cluster API. For kubeadm, most new features, such as support for CoreDNS, IPv6 and Dynamic Kubelet Configuration, have gone in as alpha features. We expect to graduate these features to beta and beyond in the next release. The initial Cluster API spec and GCE sample implementation were developed from scratch during this cycle, and we look forward to stabilizing them into something production-grade during 2018<br> 7. Instrumentation:In v1.9 we focused on improving stability of the components owned by the SIG, including Heapster, Custom Metrics API adapters for Prometheus, and Stackdriver<br> 8. Network:In v1.9 SIG Network has implemented alpha support for IPv6, and alpha support for CoreDNS as a drop-in replacement for kube-dns. Additionally, SIG Network has begun the deprecation process for the extensions/v1beta1 NetworkPolicy API in favor of the networking.k8s.io/v1 equivalent<br>9. Node:SIG Node iterated on the ability to support more workloads with better performance and improved reliability. Alpha features were improved around hardware accelerator support, device plugins enablement, and cpu pinning policies to enable us to graduate these features to beta in a future release. In addition, a number of reliability and performance enhancements were made across the node to help operators in production<br> 10. OpenStack:In this cycle, SIG OpenStack focused on configuration simplification through smarter defaults and the use of auto-detection wherever feasible (Block Storage API versions, Security Groups) as well as updating API support, including<br>11. Storage:SIG Storage is responsible for storage and volume plugin components.For the 1.9 release, SIG Storage made Kubernetes more pluggable and modular by introducing an alpha implementation of the Container Storage Interface (CSI). CSI will make installing new volume plugins as easy as deploying a pod, and enable third-party storage providers to develop their plugins without the need to add code to the core Kubernetes codebase<br> 12. Windows:We are advancing support for Windows Server and Windows Server Containers to beta along with continued feature and functional advancements on both the Kubernetes and Windows platforms. This opens the door for many Windows-specific applications and workloads to run on Kubernetes, significantly expanding the implementation scenarios and the enterprise reach of Kubernetes.
v1.10	 |2017-12-19	|2018-03-27		|1. Node:Many of the changes within SIG-Node revolve around control. With the beta release of the kubelet.config.k8s.io API group, a significant subset of Kubelet configuration can now be configured via a versioned config file. Kubernetes v1.10 adds alpha support for the ability to configure whether containers in a pod should share a single process namespace, and the CRI has been upgraded to v1alpha2, which adds support for Windows Container Configuration. Kubernetes v1.10 also ships with the beta release of the CRI validation test suite<br>2. Storage:This release brings additional power to both local storage and Persistent Volumes. Mount namespace propagation allows a container to mount a volume as rslave so that host mounts can be seen inside the container, or as rshared so that mounts made inside a container can be seen by the host. (Note that this is not supported on Windows.) Local Ephemeral Storage Capacity Isolation makes it possible to set requests and limits on ephemeral local storage resources. In addition, you can now create Local Persistent Storage, which enables PersistentVolumes to be created with locally attached disks, and not just network volumes.<br>3. Windows:This release continues to enable more existing features on Windows, including container CPU resources, image filesystem stats, and flexvolumes. It also adds Windows service control manager support and experimental support for Hyper-V isolation of single-container pods<br>4. OpenStack:SIG-OpenStack updated the OpenStack provider to use newer APIs, consolidated community code into one repository, engaged with the Cloud Provider Working Group to have a consistent plan for moving provider code into individual repositories, improved testing of provider code, and strengthened ties with the OpenStack developer community<br>5. API-machinery:API Aggregation has been upgraded to "stable" in Kubernetes 1.10, so you can use it in production. Webhooks have seen numerous improvements, including alpha Support for self-hosting authorizer webhooks.<br>6. Auth:This release lays the groundwork for new authentication methods, including the alpha release of External client-go credential providers and the TokenRequest API. In addition, Pod Security Policy now lets administrators decide what contexts pods can run in, and gives administrators the ability to limit node access to the API<br>7. Azure:Kubernetes 1.10 includes alpha Azure support for cluster-autoscaler, as well as support for Azure Virtual Machine Scale Sets.<br>8. CLI:This release includes a change to kubectl get and describe to work better with extensions, as the server, rather than the client, returns this information for a smoother user experience<br>9. Network:In terms of networking, Kubernetes 1.10 is about control. Users now have beta support for the ability to configure a pod's resolv.conf, rather than relying on the cluster DNS, as well as configuring the NodePort IP address. You can also switch the default DNS plugin to CoreDNS (beta).
v1.11	 |2018-04-20	|2018-06-28		|1. SIG Windows:This release supports more of Kubernetes API for pods and containers on Windows<br>2. SIG Storage:Sig Storage graduated two features that had been introduced in previous versions and introduced three new features in an alpha state<br>3. SIG Scheduling:Pod Priority and Preemption has graduated to Beta, so it is enabled by default. Note that this involves significant and important changes for operators. The team also worked on improved performance and reliability of the scheduler<br>4. SIG OpenStack:SIG-OpenStack continued to build out testing, with eleven acceptance tests covering a wide-range of scenarios and use-cases. During the 1.11 cycle our reporting back to test-grid has qualified the OpenStack cloud provider as a gating job for the Kubernetes release<br>5. SIG Node:SIG-Node advanced several features and made incremental improvements in a few key topic areas this release<br>6. SIG Network:The main milestones for SIG Network this release are the graduation of IPVS-based load balancing and CoreDNS to general availability<br>7. SIG Instrumentation:As far as Sig Instrumentation, the major change in Kubernetes 1.11 is the deprecation of Heapster as part of ongoing efforts to move to the new Kubernetes monitoring model. Clusters still using Heapster for autoscaling should be migrated over to metrics-server and the custom metrics API. See the deprecation section for more information<br> 8. SIG Cluster Lifecycle:SIG Cluster Lifecycle focused on improving kubeadm’s user experience by including a set of new commands related to maintaining the kubeadm configuration file, the API version of which has now has been incremented to v1alpha2. These commands can handle the migration of the configuration to a newer version, printing the default configuration, and listing and pulling the required container images for bootstrapping a cluster<br> 9. SIG CLI:SIG CLI's main focus this release was on refactoring kubectl internals to improve composability, readability and testability of kubectl commands. Those refactors will allow the team to extract a mechanism for extensibility of kubectl -- that is, plugins -- in the next releases<br> 10. SIG Auth:Work this cycle focused on graduating existing functions, and on making security functions more understandable for users.RBAC cluster role aggregation, introduced in 1.9, graduated to stable status with no changes in 1.11, and client-go credential plugins graduated to beta status, while also adding support for obtaining TLS credentials from an external plugin<br> 11. SIG API Machinery:This release SIG API Machinery focused mainly on CustomResources. For example, subresources for CustomResources are now beta and enabled by default. With this, updates to the /status subresource will disallow updates to all fields other than .status (not just .spec and .metadata as before). Also, required and description can be used at the root of the CRD OpenAPI validation schema when the /status subresource is enabled
v1.12	 |2018-08-02	|2018-09-28		|1. SIG API Machinery:SIG API work this cycle involved development of the "dry run" functionality, which enables users to see the results of a particular command without persisting those changes<br>2. SIG-autoscaling:SIG Autoscaling focused on improving the Horizontal Pod Autoscaling API and algorithm<br>3. SIG-Azure:Sig Azure was focused on two primary new alpha features<br>4. SIG-cli:SIG CLI focused on implementing the new plugin mechanism, providing a library with common CLI tooling for plugin authors and further refactorings of the code<br>5. SIG-cloud-provider:This is the first Kubernetes release for this SIG! In v1.12, SIG Cloud Provider focused on building the processes and infrastructure to better support existing and new cloud providers<br>6. SIG-cluster-lifecycle:In 1.12, SIG Cluster lifecycle has focused on improving the user experience in kubeadm, by fixing a number of bugs and adding some new important features<br>7. SIG-ibmcloud:As a newly created SIG, the SIG-ibmcloud has mainly focused on SIG set up, sharing IBM Clouds ongoing Kubernetes work like scalability tests, Kubernetes upgrade strategy etc. with the SIG members and start working on processes to move cloud provider code to a public GitHub repo<br>8. SIG-instrumentation:No feature work, but a large refactoring of metrics-server as well as a number of bug fixes<br>9. SIG-node:SIG-node graduated the PodShareProcessNamespace feature from alpha to beta. This feature allows a pod spec to request that all containers in a pod share a common process namespaces<br>10. SIG-OpenStack:SIG-OpenStack development was primarily focused on fixing bugs and improving feature parity with OpenStack resources. New features were primarily limited to the external provider in an effort to drive adoption of the OpenStack external provider over the in-tree provider<br>11. SIG-scheduling:SIG Scheduling development efforts have been primarily focused on improving performance and reliability of the scheduler<br>12. SIG-storage:SIG Storage promoted the Kubernetes volume topology feature to beta. This enables Kubernetes to understand and act intelligently on volume accessibility information (such as the “zone” a cloud volume is provisioned in, the “rack” that a SAN array is accessible from, and so on)<br>13. SIG-vmware:SIG-VMware development was primarily focused on fixing bugs for the in-tree cloud provider, starting the development of the external cloud provider and taking ownership of the cluster-api provider for vSphere<br>14. SIG-windows:SIG Windows focused on stability and reliability of our existing feature set. We primarily fixed bugs as we march towards a near future stable release
v1.13	 |2018-10-16	|2018-12-04		|1. SIG API Machinery:For the 1.13 release, SIG API Machinery is happy to announce that the dry-run functionality is now beta<br>2. SIG Auth:With this release we've made several important enhancements to core SIG Auth areas. In the authorization category, we've further reduced Kubelet privileges by restricting node self-updates of labels to a whitelisted selection and by disallowing kubelets from deleting their Node API object. In authentication, we added alpha-level support for automounting improved service account tokens through projected volumes. We also enabled audience validation in TokenReview for the new tokens for improved scoping. Under audit logging, the new alpha-level "dynamic audit configuration" adds support for dynamically registering webhooks to receive a stream of audit events. Finally, we've enhanced secrets protection by graduating etcd encryption out of experimental<br>3. SIG AWS:In v1.13 we worked on tighter integrations of Kubernetes API objects with AWS services<br>4. SIG Azure:For 1.13 SIG Azure was focused on adding additional Azure Disk support for Ultra SSD, Standard SSD, and Premium Azure Files. Azure Availability Zones and cross resource group nodes were also moved from Alpha to Beta in 1.13<br>5. SIG Big Data:During the 1.13 release cycle, SIG Big Data has been focused on community engagements relating to 3rd-party project integrations with Kubernetes. There have been no impacts on the 1.13 release<br>6. SIG CLI:Over the course of 1.13 release SIG CLI mostly focused on stabilizing the items we’ve been working on over the past releases such as server-side printing and its support in kubectl, as well as finishing kubectl diff which is based on server-side dry-run feature. We’ve continued separating kubectl code to prepare for extraction out of main repository. Finally, thanks to the awesome support and feedback from community we’ve managed to promote the new plugin mechanism to Beta<br>7. SIG Cloud Provider:For v1.13, SIG Cloud Provider has been focused on stabilizing the common APIs and interfaces consumed by cloud providers today. This involved auditing the cloud provider APIs for anything that should be deprecated as well as adding changes where necessary. In addition, SIG Cloud Provider has begun exploratory work around having a “cloud provider” e2e test suite which can be used to test common cloud provider functionalities with resources such as nodes and load balancers<br>8. SIG Cluster Lifecycle:For 1.13 SIG Cluster Lifecycle is pleased to announce the long awaited promotion of kubeadm to stable GA, and the promotion of kubeadm’s configuration API to v1beta1. In this release the SIG again focused on further improving the user experience on cluster creation and also fixing a number of bugs and other assorted improvements<br>9. SIG IBM Cloud:The IBM Cloud SIG was focused on defining its charter and working towards moving its cloud provider code to an external repository with a goal to have this work done by the end of Kubernetes 1.14 release cycle. In the SIG meetings, we also made sure to share updates on the latest Kubernetes developments in the IBM Cloud like the availability of Kubernetes v1.12.2 in the IBM Cloud Kubernetes Service (IKS). The SIG updates were provided in the Kubernetes community weekly call and at the KubeCon China 2018<br>10. SIG Multicluster:Moving Federation v2 from Alpha towards Beta has been the focus of our effort over the past quarter. To this end we engaged with end users, and successfully enlisted additional contributors from companies including IBM, Amadeus, Cisco and others. Federation v2 provides a suite of decoupled API’s and re-usable components for building multi-cluster control planes. We plan to start releasing Beta components in late 2018. In addition, more minor updates were made to our cluster-registry and multi-cluster ingress sub-projects<br>11. SIG Network:For 1.13, the areas of focus were in IPv6, DNS improvements and some smaller items: CoreDNS is now the default cluster DNS passing all of the scale/resource usage tests Node-local DNS cache feature is available in Alpha. This feature deploys a lightweight DNS caching Daemonset that avoids the conntrack and converts queries from UDP to more reliable TCP. PodReady++ feature now has kubectl CLI support<br>12. SIG Node:SIG Node focused on stability and performance improvements in the 1.13 release. A new alpha feature is introduced to improve the mechanism that nodes heartbeat back to the control plane. The NodeLease feature results in the node using a Lease resource in the kube-node-lease namespace that is renewed periodically. The NodeStatus that was used previously to heartbeat back to the control plane is only updated when it changes. This reduces load on the control plane for large clusters. The Kubelet plugin registration mechanism, which enables automatic discovery of external plugins (including CSI and device plugins) has been promoted to stable in this release (introduced as alpha in 1.11 and promoted to beta in 1.12)<br>13. SIG Openstack:The major theme for the SIG OpenStack release is the work-in-progress for removing the in-tree provider. This work, being done in conjunction with SIG Cloud Provider, is focusing on moving internal APIs that the OpenStack (and other providers) depends upon to staging to guarantee API stability. This work also included abstracting the in-tree Cinder API and refactoring code to the external Cinder provider to remove additional Cinder volume provider code<br>14. SIG Scalability:SIG Scalability has mostly focused on stability and deflaking our tests, investing into framework for writing scalability tests (ClusterLoader v2) with a goal to migrate all tests to it by the end of 2018 and on the work towards extending definition of Kubernetes scalability by providing more/better user-friendly SLIs/SLOs<br>15. SIG Scheduling:SIG Scheduling has mostly focused on stability in 1.13 and has postponed some of the major features to the next versions. There are still two notable changes: 1. TaintBasedEviction is moved to Beta and will be enabled by default. With this feature enabled, condition taints are automatically added to the nodes and pods can add tolerations for them if needed. 2. Pod critical annotation is deprecated. Pods should use pod priority instead of the annotation<br>16. SIG Service Catalog:The Service Plan Defaults feature is still under active development. We continue to improve the UX for the svcat CLI, specifically filling in gaps for the new Namespaced Service Broker feature<br>17. SIG Storage:Over the last year, SIG Storage has been focused on adding support for the Container Storage Interface (CSI) to Kubernetes. The specification recently moved to 1.0, and on the heels of this achievement, Kubernetes v1.13 moves CSI support for PersistentVolumes to GA<br>18. SIG UI:The migration to the newest version of Angular is still under active development as it is most important thing on the roadmap at the moment. We are getting closer to to the new release. We continue fixing bugs and adding other improvements<br>19. SIG VMWare:Major focus for SIG VMware for this release is the work on moving internal APIs that the vSphere provider depends upon to staging to guarantee API stability. This work is being done in conjunction with SIG Cloud Provider and includes the creation of a brand new vsphere-csi plugin to replace the current volume functionalities in-tree<br>20. SIG Windows:SIG Windows focused on improving reliability for Windows and Kubernetes support

###Kubernetes简史
**2014: Google推出 Kubernetes**
* 2014年中：Google 推出 Kubernetes （作为 Borg 的开源版本）。
* 6月7日：初始版本发布——完成 Kubernetes 在 GitHub 上的第一次提交。
* 7月10日：微软、RedHat、IBM、Docker 加入 Kubernetes 社区。

**2015: Kubernetes v1.0和CNCF的一年**
* 7月21日：Kubernetes v1.0发布。 随后，谷歌与 Linux 基金会合作组建了云原生计算基金会（CNCF）。CNCF旨在建立可持续的生态系统，并围绕一系列高质量项目建立一个社区。
* 11月3日：Kubernetes生态系统继续增长！Deis、OpenShift、华为和 Gondor陆续加入。
* 11月5日：Kubernetes 1.1进行主要的性能升级、改进的工具和新功能，让应用程序更易于构建和部署。
* 11月9日至 11 日：KubeCon 2015在美国旧金山举办，这是首届 Kubernetes会议。 会议通过专家技术讲座激发创造力并促进 Kubernetes普及。

**2016: Kubernetes 在这一年成为主流**
* 2月23日：Kubernetes 软件包管理系统 Helm首次发布。
* 2月24日：继首次会议在 2015 年 11月举办后，KubeCon EU 2016，首届在欧洲举办的 Kubernetes会议吸引近 500名与会者参加。
* 3月16日：Kubernetes 1.2发布，改进包括扩展、简化应用程序部署和自动化集群管理等功能。
* 7月1日：Kubernetes 1.3发布，连接云原生和企业 Workload。 v1.3引入 Rktnetes 1.0和一个新的 Alpha ‘PetSet’ 对象，并支持在多个集群中发现运行的服务。
* 7月11日：Minikube正式发布：它是一个可以让 Kubernetes在本地运行的工具。
* 9月8日：一个管理生产级 Kubernetes集群的官方 Kubernetes 项目——Kops面世。
* 9月19日：Monzo发布了一个关于他们如何使用 Kubernetes从头开始构建银行系统的案例研究。
* 9月26日：Kubernetes 1.4推出了一种新工具 kubeadm，有助于提高 Kubernetes 的可安装性。 此版本提供了更简单的设置，支持集成 Helm的状态应用以及新的跨集群联合功能。
* 9月29日：Pokemon GO是有史以来在 Google容器引擎上最大的 Kubernetes部署，它的创作者发布了一个关于他们如何操作 Kubernetes的案例研究。
* 11月8日至9日：CloudNativeCon + KubeCon 2016在美国西雅图举办。来自世界各地的 1,000多名终端用户，主要贡献者和开发人员齐聚一堂，交流有关 Fluentd、Kubernetes、Prometheus、OpenTracing 和其他云原生技术。
* 12月7日：Kubernetes发布 Node feature discovery。它能检测 Kubernetes集群中每个节点上可用的硬件功能，并使用节点标签公布这些功能。
* 12月21日：Kubernetes 1.5发布，Kubernetes 得到 Windows 服务器的支持。 新功能包括容器化多平台应用程序，支持 Windows 服务器的容器和 Hyper-V 容器，扩展的应用程序生态系统，覆盖异构的数据中心等等。
* 12月23日：Kubernetes支持 OpenAPI，可允许 API提供商定义他们的操作和模型，开发人员可以自动化他们的工具。

**2017: 企业采用和支持的一年**
* 3月28日：Kubernetes 1.6 发布。 具体的更新有：默认启用 etcd v3、删除单个容器运行时的直接依赖关系、测试版 RBAC、自动配置 StorageClass对象。
* 3月29日至 30 日：CloudNativeCon + KubeCon在欧洲柏林举办。 来自世界各地的 1,500名终端用户、主要贡献者和开发者交流了云原生相关知识。
* 5月24日：Google与 IBM发布了一项开放式技术 Istio，它提供了一种对任何平台、来源或是供应商都能无缝连接、管理和保护不同微服务网络的方法。
* 6月30日：Kubernetes 1.7：容器编排标准添加了本地存储、Secrets加密和可扩展性，例如：API聚合、第三方资源、容器运行时接口等。
* 8月16日：GitHub开始在Kubernetes上运行。所有 Web和 API请求都由在 metal cloud上部署的 Kubernetes集群中运行的容器提供服务。
* 8月31日：Kelsey Hightower发布了 Kubernetes The Hard Way。 Kubernetes The Hard Way对 Kubernetes学习进行了优化，学习者需要通过长时间的学习来创建 Kubernetes集群所需的工作。
* 9月11日：CNCF 宣布推出首批 Kubernetes 认证服务供应商，有超过 22 家供应商获得首批 Kubernetes认证。这些预先认证的机构在帮助企业成功运用 Kubernetes方面有非常丰富的经验。
* 9月13日：Oracle以白金会员的身份加入了 CNCF。 Oracle开源了 Oracle云基础架构的 Kubernetes安装程序，并在 Oracle Linux上发布了 Kubernetes。
* 9月29日：Kubernetes 1.8发布，这个版本是基于角色访问控制（RBAC）授权程序的里程碑，这是一种用于控制对 Kubernetes AP的访问的机制。
* 10月：Docker 拥抱 Kubernetes。开发人员和运营商可以使用 Docker创建应用程序，并使用 Docker Swarm和 Kubernetes进行无缝地测试和部署。
* 10月17日：Docker平台和 Moby Projekt添加 Kubernetes，客户和开发人员可以选择使用 Kubernetes和 Swarm来协调容器工作负载。
* 10月24日：微软推出 AKS预览版 — AKS具有 Azure托管控制平面，并能自动升级、自我修复、易于扩展以及为开发人员和集群运营商提供简单的用户体验。客户在零运营开销的情况下能获得开源 Kubernetes 。
* 11月29日：亚马逊宣布为 Kubernetes提供弹性容器服务，可在 AWS上使用 Kubernetes进行部署、管理和扩展容器化应用程序。
* 12月6日至 8 日：KubeCon + CloudNativeCon 在美国奥斯汀举办，这次会议聚集了来自世界各地的超过 4,100名终端用户、供应商、主要贡献者和开发者。 289场会议、主题演讲以及闪电式演讲。
* 12月15日：Kubernetes 1.9 发布：Apps Workloads GA和 Expanded Ecosystem。 新功能包括，apps / v1 Workloads API 的一般可用性、Windows 支持（beta）、存储增强功能等。
* 12月21日：介绍 Kubeflow ，一个为 Kubernetes构建的可组合、便携、可扩展的机器学习堆栈。

**2018：精彩继续**
* 3月2日：Kubernetes 1.10的第一个测试版发布，使用生产就绪版本用户可以测试 Kubelet TLS Bootstrapping 、API聚合以及更详细的存储指标。
* 5月1日：Google推出由 Craig Box主持的 Kubernetes Podcast。
* 5月2日至 4 日：KubeCon + CloudNativeCon Europe 2018在哥本哈根举办。超过 4300名开发人员聚集在一起。
* 5月2日：DigitalOcean使用 Kubernetes，宣布推出新的托管 Kubernetes产品。 DigitalOcean Kubernetes将在其现有的云计算和存储选项上提供容器管理和编排平台作为免费服务。
* 5月4日：Kubeflow 0.1发布，它提供了一套尽可能小的软件包来开发、培训和部署 ML。
* 5月21日：Google Kubernetes Engine 1.10发布，可供企业使用。其具有共享虚拟私有云、区域永久磁盘、区域集群、节点自动修复和自定义 Pod自动缩放等功能，以实现更快的自动化。
* 5月24日：Kubernetes Containerd Integration进入 GA阶段。 Containerd 1.1与 Kubernetes 1.10及以上版本兼容，并支持所有 Kubernetes功能。用户可以在生产环境的Kubernetes集群中使用 Containerd 1.1 作为容器运行时组件。
* 6月5日：亚马逊 EKS可用。 Amazon EKS简化了构建、保护、操作和维护 Kubernetes 集群的过程。让那些专注构建应用程序而不想从头设置 Kubernetes 集群的公司，可以充分利用基于容器的云计算的优势。
* 6月13日：亚马逊 AKS（Azure Kubernetes Service）可用。 通过 AKS，用户可以部署和管理他们用于生产的 Kubernetes应用程序，Azure的工程师为客户的完全托管的 Kubernetes集群提供持续的监控、操作和支持。
* 6月27日：Kubernetes 1.11发布：集群内负载平衡和 CoreDNS插件达到普遍可用性。这个最新版本在网络方面有关键性功能：开启了 SIG-API Machinery和 SIG-Node的两个主要功能，用于 beta测试，并继续增强存储功能。这些功能一直是过去两个版本的焦点。